---
title: 2024.3.0 AEM Release Overview Video
description: High Impact Experiences  AEM Authoring with Edge Delivery Services  Edge Delivery Services for FormsContent by all, for all  Universal Editor Actionable Intelligence  AEM Sites - Generate Content Variations (GenAI)Rapid Development  CruD OpenAPIs for Content Fragments and ModelsCloud Service Foundation  Advanced NetworkingOther Notable Enhancements  Compare Content Fragment Versions  Multisite Management support for Experience Fragments  Updated Content Importer v1.51.0  Sidekick Extension v6.41.0
solution: Experience Manager
version: Cloud Service
role: Admin, Developer, User
level: Beginner, Intermediate
doc-type: Event
oc-type: Event
duration: 385
last-substantial-update: 2024-04-24
jira: KT-15329
exl-id: 215e7e29-402b-44ca-b8a9-915539f3bce7
---
# AEM as a Cloud Service 2024.3.0 release update 

The features in this release focus on Experience Manager Assets and Cloud Service innovations.

>[!VIDEO](https://video.tv.adobe.com/v/3428344/?learn=on)

This release is centered around three pillars; delivering high impact experiences, empowering more people to create content, and leveraging artificial intelligence. The features in the release include the following:

**Delivering high impact experiences**

* The release combines authoring with Edge delivery services, allowing content flexibility and performance benefits.
* New AMP sites can be built with front-end skills and deployed through deployment pipelines.
* Existing AMP sites can transition to edge delivery by moving the front end to edge delivery while keeping authoring on the page editor.
* Edge delivery services are also available for AM forms, enabling the use of tools like Microsoft Excel to quickly build and deploy forms.

**Empowering more people to create content**

* The Universal Editor, a new visual editor for AMP Sites, unlocks the capability for content authors to manage both structured and unstructured content consistently.
* Content authors can visually edit content for a page and publish it to edge delivery services. 
* The Universal Editor also allows visual editing of content hosted outside of Adobe Experience Manager, such as headless implementations.

**Leveraging artificial intelligence**

* AEM Sites now has a new capability called content variations, which leverages generative AI to produce high-performing copy and image variations.
* Content creators can enter values into pre-configured templates to produce performant results quickly.
* Content variations can be combined with AM's experimentation capability to test and optimize content.

<!--
**High Impact Experiences**
 * AEM Authoring with Edge Delivery Services
 * Edge Delivery Services for Forms

**Content by all, for all**
 * Universal Editor

**Actionable Intelligence**
 * AEM Sites: Generate Content Variations (GenAI)

**Rapid Development**
 * CruD OpenAPIs for Content Fragments and Models

**Cloud Service Foundation**
 * Advanced Networking

**Other Notable Enhancements**
 * Compare Content Fragment Versions
 * Multisite Management support for Experience Fragments
 * Updated Content Importer v1.51.0
 * Sidekick Extension v6.41.0
-->

Additionally, there are enhancements for developers, including extended API support for content fragments and models, making it easier to automate the management and integration of content fragments. There are also advanced networking self-service configuration options for Cloud Manager, allowing users to configure dedicated ingress IP addresses, flexible port egress configuration, and VPN setup.

Other features mentioned include the ability to compare content fragment versions, multi-site management features, support for experienced fragments, an update to the content importer, and enhanced capabilities of the Sidekick extension.

Overall, this release introduces various features and enhancements aimed at delivering high impact experiences, empowering content creators, leveraging AI, and providing developer-friendly tools and configurations.

<!--
Have questions about the release?  Discuss the release in [Experience League Communities](https://adobe.ly/3RPNYZF) -->

## Additional release information

* [Current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/home.html)
* [Release roadmap](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-release-information/aem-release-updates/update-releases-roadmap.html)
* [Prerelease information](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/prerelease.html)
